Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
DEAR
Octa!
DEAR LEONIE
Yes. exactly.
But that's what I'm saying.
Yes.
Yes. exactly.
Can we continue?
Or what aren't you paying me for?
Come on now. Go. jab!
One. two. three.
-Sprawl!
-Yes.
My guy's been warming up. Where are you?
Good form today.
You might actually win this.
Hey. what do you think you're doing?
Whoa. man.
You're supposed to warm up.
not burn up your energy.
Oh. very funny.
Fucker. Get hurt
and we might as well close up shop.
-How much longer do I warm up?
-No idea. Don't ask me. Ask Benko.
-We've been waiting for an hour.
-I know.
The ref says we're about to start.
Benko is here.
So stay warmed up. okay?
Cosi. don't go overboard with him.
Will I get my money then?
If they keep delaying. we'll cancel.
What? No. we're not.
I have to see Leonie.
Octa. we need this fight. okay?
I'll wait in the car. Hurry up!
CONGRATULATIONS ON THE OPENING!
-Hello.
-Hello. my lioness.
When are you coming?
Dad has to finish up at work.
I'll head over right after. okay?
-The others are about to leave.
-What? But the best is still to come.
The best cake in the world?
-Leonie?
-Yes.
I didn't eat to leave room for the cake.
-Leonie!
-Wait until you see the other surprise.
You're not coming. right?
Of course I'm coming.
For sure. I promise.
There's just a small delay here.
Octa. listen to me.
-Cosi.
-No. you're going to listen to me.
Leonie. I'm coming. I promise.
See you soon. What's up?
-Paul promised me a raise five months ago.
-Yeah.
Yeah. I didn't even get the money
from the last fight.
I have no clue about the finances.
-Please talk to Paul about it.
-Look.
ONION
What's that?
-What do you mean? It's a cat.
-Why does it say "Onion"?
-That's her name.
-Octa.
It's a gift for Leonie.
That raise is overdue.
I'll talk to Paul. okay?
Seriously.
After the fight.
-Actually do it.
-Yes.
Who came up with that dumb name. "Onion"?
That's not a cat's name?
The animal shelter.
Getting better?
'Cause you need that nonsense
in a fight. right?
-Yeah. yeah.
-Hey. You have three more days to prepare.
-Good luck.
-Thanks.
Yes. Okay. we're leaving now.
All right. See you soon.
Okay. ref says 15 minutes.
Seriously. nearly an hour.
Yeah. because that jerk doesn't get
that you can be stuck in traffic.
SIXTY MINUTES
Fucking Benko. man.
DEAR LEONIE.
"Dear Leonie."
"Dear Leonie"! A bit formal. isn't it?
What's formal about that?
It's just formal. It's like "Dear…"
You'd say. "Dear landlord…
Dear landlord. sorry I can't pay my rent."
-That's how you start a card.
-But not to your daughter.
What-- Hey! What are you doing. man?
Why can't I get it right?
Because the fight's on her birthday.
That's not your fault.
Yeah. it's never my fault.
-Okay. Here we go again?
-Hey. Paul…
No. it's all good.
No problem. Happy to do it.
Attention. here we go.
Hey. no one who has a child at 19
has to somehow get along with his ex.
whom he never should have been with
because she's not a good fit.
but he wouldn't listen to his best friend…
Leave it. Paul.
…and who wants a sports career.
can get it all right. okay?
I can't take too many hits.
or I can forget about the birthday.
-Hello? You're not gonna get hit. okay?
-No. I get it.
I suspected all along
that he's scared of fucking Benko.
-Like all the other losers.
-Fuck you.
-Can't you handle him?
-Of course I can!
Convincing.
Going to your daughter's
with a black eye?
I'll destroy that fucker!
-You'll destroy him?
-I will!
-You won't get a fucking scratch.
-Whoa. hey! Don't do that.
-Okay. guys. let's go!
-Can you pick up the cat for me?
Can I do what?
And the cake. No. I can do that myself.
Cat. Animal shelter in Neukölln.
A present for Leonie.
Onion?
That's not a cat name.
-Fuck you.
-Octa. we were just having a moment.
-Yeah. right.
-You ruined the moment.
-Ask again if I want a black eye.
-Too late. You ruined the moment.
He ruined the moment.
Totally fucking ruined it. It's too…
Ask me again if I want a black eye.
-Do you want a black eye?
-I'll destroy him!
You'll destroy that fucker!
Whoa. dude! How many fucking times
do I have to tell you?
-I sent you the address.
-Yeah. I'll do it.
Hey. Come here.
Come here. Come here for a picture.
We need to say hello quickly.
Hey. there he is!
Octavio fucking Bergmann.
I'm so excited to finally meet you.
-Octa. Cosi. Chino Winkler. his brother.
-Pleasure.
I can hardly wait.
Afterward. we'll all go
and have a nice drink together.
Yeah. we'll see.
No. not "we'll see." We will have a drink.
I bet on him. right?
If I bet on him. we celebrate.
Let him fight first.
-Bad mood?
-No. the mood is great.
Well. tell his face that.
Go get warmed up.
You got this. big guy.
Show that jerk that we fuck in Berlin.
We don't jerk off.
What's up with you?
Why would anything be up?
-Why are you standing so close to me?
-Wow! Adrenaline! I love it. Adrenaline.
-Let him pass through.
-What's up with you?
Destroy him. Octavio!
-Just calm down.
-I am calm. He got too close.
-That makes me nervous. Hands off!
-Hey! Trash that fucker!
-Why did you bring these idiots backstage?
-Sorry. the guy's an old friend.
What's with these idiots. dude?
Ready to go?
Hurry up.
And you warm up a bit more. okay?
Okay. how is your pulse?
Cool. you're dead.
Give me your watch. I need to sync it.
We still have a few minutes.
Let's go see the ref.
Okay.
-See you. okay?
-See you.
Hey. Mina. I'm having the bandages put on.
The fight isn't over?
They delayed it three times.
Another fight was moved up.
Then why did you tell Leonie you'll come?
I'm coming.
You schedule a fight on her birthday
and then tell her you'll come?
Don't you understand
that she'll be waiting all day for you?
I'll be there soon.
Leonie has hardly eaten anything
because you promised her a damn cake.
If you don't want to see her. just say so.
Why else do you always show up late
or not at all?
The fight is only three rounds. okay?
You'll never make it by six o'clock.
Then I'll be there at seven.
For three months.
we've agreed you'd be here at five.
The kids leave at six.
and then your parents come over.
You know what?
I'm done with this.
I…
How's it going? Ready to go?
I need to make it today.
Okay. Octa.
Listen to me for a second. yeah?
We need this fight.
We need the money.
Afterward. I'll personally
drive you to Leonie.
I'll race through the city at 120 mph.
I'll drive you to the moon and beyond.
But now you need to function. please.
She hasn't eaten all day
because she's waiting for my cake.
You know whose fault that is. right?
You know exactly who we have to thank
for all this fucking bullshit.
That ugly little fucker out there.
And that's why you'll go out there
and beat up fucking Benko so badly
that he'll never be late again.
Okay. guys. Here we go.
Yeah. man.
Remember your strategy.
Stay on the defense.
Let him burn out.
Once he's tired. force him down.
Three points.
Stay defensive. let him burn himself out.
and ground combat.
Force him to the floor.
All right. Berlin.
Mina calling.
Mina?
It's me.
-What? David. what do you want?
-It's over.
-I can't right now. I've got a fight.
-Mina is filing for sole custody.
I'm representing her as her lawyer.
You'll have the documents tomorrow.
You know we have
enough legally relevant reasons by now.
-You're talking fucking nonsense.
-Leonie is crying--
-Shut up! She's my daughter!
-Your daughter?
How so? Who's been taking care of her
for seven fucking years?
Either you're here by six
or I'll make sure
you never hurt my daughter again.
You have one hour.
Hey. what's going on?
-Hey. what's going on now? What's up. man?
-No idea.
What are you doing. man?
Get your ass into that cage right now.
Octa. man!
What? Listen to me.
I understand your situation. okay?
But we'll find a solution.
Hey. now listen to me! We'll find--
Sorry.
Mina wants to take Leonie away from me.
Shit.
Octa Bergmann. my man.
How are you doing. tiger?
-All good.
-How's Paul? How's your gym?
-I know you'll do great. "Sting like a--"
-Sorry. Rico. Not now.
What? I placed a big bet on you. Octa.
Don't always be such a chickenshit.
Show some initiative.
I am.
You're not.
You're standing around like an idiot.
-Hey. Bergmann! Did you get lost? Hey?
-Where are you going?
-Bergmann!
-What are you doing?
Bergmann. come back!
People. move it! Go!
-Ladies. please?
-He's getting away!
Three of you
go down to the car in the garage now!
Bring him back! Go. no questions!
The guy has to fight.
or we're all screwed!
Voice message from Leonie.
-Dad. you have to come. Mom is angry.
-Leonie. put that phone away.
-Hey!
-Watch it!
Easy. man.
Hey! Hello? Hey. buddy!
-Hello?
-Quick. please. I'm in a hurry.
Asshole! Open up!
Wiedeking?
Yes. Quick. please.
Well. you don't look like a Wiedeking.
But that's my name.
-He. on the other hand. does.
-There! The car!
Dude. just drive.
Hey. fatso! Open the door.
Okay. Mr. Wiedeking.
-Buckle up. Here we go.
-Hey!
What do you want. assholes?
-All right. I'm Ronny. Where to?
-Max-Beer-Straße. Quickly. please.
I got the "quickly" part already.
but that's difficult during rush hour.
-Octa. man.
-What bullshit is that?
-Yeah. it is.
-Nothing I can do. It's rush hour.
But you can imagine the commotion here.
You just took off.
I told you I wouldn't make it otherwise.
No need to be so aggressive. okay?
I can't fly over it.
Ronny. I'm on the phone.
Oh. I see. Sorry.
Who's Ronny?
Who's your old acquaintance?
What kind of drugs is he on?
-He was pretty aggressive when I left.
-Okay. listen.
Since the others were late. I can buy
some time before you get disqualified.
But to do that.
you have to please come back now--
-What happened?
-Prenzlauer Berg is what happened.
It was supposed
to be my alternative route.
-Okay. Ronny. Turn around.
-First I need to look up which way to go.
But the meter
is still running for Wiedeking.
We'll let that jerk foot the bill.
-Hey!
-Careful!
-Ouch!
-Are you crazy or what?
What an idiot!
Hey. stop for a second!
Hey. be careful. Jeez!
What's he doing?
What are you doing?
Wanna tell me
what the fuck your problem is?
There's no problem.
Just get in and come with us.
Don't injure him.
Careful! He still has to fight!
What's up with you?
Come on! Get up and fight!
Get him!
What are you doing over there?
Come on. get in!
Get up! You fight like cunts!
Move your lazy asses! Go on. fight!
Come on. get up! Go and help him!
Grab him! Come on. now!
Good.
Come on!
Nice!
Put him to sleep. Yeah. that's it.
That's right.
And now into the car. please.
He has a fight to fight.
Careful with the rear seats! No scratches.
You two are coming with me. Let's go!
Okay. Go through there.
and then turn right.
Go.
Finally. Where's the car?
Here.
You have to change something.
Open up!
Yeah.
Where are you right now?
One second.
Call from Mom.
Not a good time right now.
Can I call you back?
Why can't I see Leonie today?
I'm arguing with Mina. I'm sorting it out.
Mina just canceled on me by text.
That doesn't sound like an argument.
The boys from Gregor's. Now!
Take care of it!
Tell me what's going on.
Don't worry so much.
I want to see my granddaughter
on her birthday. okay?
-I'll call back later.
-Octavio. don't--
Call Paul.
Calling Paul.
Octa.
Paul. Who is Chino?
Listen. I've done a bit of research. okay?
Chino. his brother.
all those other assholes.
they have a betting thing going.
but also more serious stuff.
The fight was rigged?
The fight was rigged.
Chino bet 75.000 on you.
You're supposed to knock out Benko
in round three.
Until you're disqualified. we can still
turn it around. I'll sort it out for us.
But we mustn't mess with them.
No matter what. okay?
I knocked them the fuck out.
-Who did you knock out?
-All of them.
-All of them?
-All of them!
-I must be at Leonie's in 50 minutes.
-Fuck!
-Can't you just explain to Mina that…
-And tell her what?
That I snapped and beat up some guys?
That doesn't help me with custody.
Paul. get the fuck out of there.
Those people are dangerous.
Hey! Over here!
Okay. Octa. Wait--
Come on! Step on it!
Go get him!
Voice message to Cosima.
Are you at the gym? I need your help.
Sending voice message.
-I have no idea…
-Hey. Go inside.
-Octa. hey.
-Come.
What's going on?
I'm being chased.
Bruno! Annika.
-The cops will be here in a minute.
-Yeah? Fuck you.
Hey. What the fuck is going on here?
I have to get to Leonie.
Stop the fuckers for me.
20%.
I don't know about the finances. Cosi.
20%. or I'm not doing anything.
My landlord's been trying to kick me out
for six months. I need the money.
Mina wants to strip custody from me.
Shit.
You'll pick up the cake for me.
Max Beer Street. Pastry Guys.
And bring it to Leonie. I'll talk to Paul.
One. two. three.
Fuck you!
Move it. you rat!
You little cunt!
Come on! Go get that son of a bitch!
After him!
Go! Get in the car!
Message from Cosima.
"They are armed. Be careful."
Hey!
POLICE
Don't fuck around.
What's this?
Be careful.
What do they want?
Hey. now!
Are you crazy? What's this?
-Don't you have eyes or what?
-Hey!
Are you playing the fool? Want trouble?
-What kind of show is this?
-Forget it. clowns.
-What did you say?
-Clown.
Okay. I'm done with being insulted.
Enough is enough.
-Stop there. Stop right there.
-You can come with us right away. okay?
-What?
-So I am your clown?
-He was the one who--
-Wait.
You wanted to mess with us.
I had a question.
You didn't open the window.
Go ahead and clear the road.
Nothing happened. after all.
-Get in the car now.
-Why me? He was…
Hey. do you think we're stupid?
You can explain at the station what you
and your friends were planning to do here.
-I don't have time right now.
-Take him.
Get in. Come on. now.
With or without handcuffs.
Your choice.
Let's go.
How about buckling up. buddy?
Squad car C12 on the way to the station.
Suspicious person on board.
Insulting an official. maybe more.
We'll run all the tests on him.
Which station are we going to?
Are you a wise guy?
The one at Alex?
Why? Is that your favorite?
Yes or no?
-This isn't the way to Alex.
-Shut up back there!
What did I do?
Ever heard of road safety?
-I'm the one who got hit.
-Section 315. criminal code.
Exactly.
Can you please tell me
which station we're going to?
Which one would you like to go to?
Tell us. and we'll drive you there.
Should we stop at your grandma's?
Message from Cosima.
"I'm here. The cake hasn't been paid for.
My card got declined."
Shit.
"Hashtag raise."
Reply to Cosima. "Shit. Fuck." Send?
-No.
-Hey. do you have Tourette's or something?
Shut your mouth.
Here we go again. then?
-Shut your fucking mouth. okay?
-Are you crazy?
-Shut your fucking mouth!
-Insulting an officer.
Section 185. criminal code.
What the actual fuck is wrong with you?
You're coming with me now.
Enough with the nonsense!
I've been running around the fucking city!
You have no idea who you're messing with.
I'm doing you a favor. Trust me.
This is bigger than you think.
so don't fuck around now. okay?
Get in!
Call from unknown number.
-Take call?
-No!
Call from Paul. Take call?
Yes!
Octa. man. What's going on?
Annika's in the hospital
with two broken ribs.
Bruno's not doing well at all.
But I've talked to Chino.
-Yeah. and?
-I won't quote his exact words.
-He wants you in the cage. Period.
-He loses no money if there is no fight.
He does.
With an illegal bet. the money's gone.
But he swore he wouldn't hurt you
if you came back.
Yeah.
Octa. man. let's--
I'm listening.
Voice message to Mina.
Mina…
Let's. um…
I'm sorry. I have…
That Leonie hasn't eaten. I have…
I'm at the cake shop now.
I'll get the cake and…
I am…
I don't know what to say.
Please don't do this.
I'll be there soon.
Send voice message.
Sending voice message.
-How's Annika?
-She'll be okay.
Octa. you need to go to the police.
-Is that your water?
-Yes.
Can you at least tell me
who those guys are?
The fight was rigged.
Holy shit.
We'll talk later.
Last chance. Bergmann.
Put that down.
come with us. and we'll handle it.
Get out of my way.
Stop running your mouth.
Put that shit down
and get in the fucking car with me.
Please.
Octa!
Hey! Octa.
Fuck you.
Paul said you could use some help.
Come on!
Dude. Octa. come on!
Coward!
No. don't you die on me now.
Voice message from Paul.
Okay. they disqualified you.
Chino's money is gone.
So is Benko's.
The fucker was part of it too.
Paul called you?
No. I called Paul. I wanted to know
why you ran away from the fight.
What's going on with Mina this time?
Long story.
I've got time.
Well. I don't. I have to get to Leonie.
-Can you take me to the subway?
-Sure. Our club's right next to it.
You can go through there.
Thanks. Rico. I owe you one.
-I'm sorry. kiddo.
-All good. It's not your fault.
I really am sorry.
Octavio. just do exactly as she says.
Don't talk back.
As a favor to me. okay?
Who do you work for?
No one. I'm self-employed.
I own a martial arts studio.
What do you want?
Octa. just tell them about Chino. man.
Leave.
No idea what this is about.
-I've known him all my life.
-Leave!
Rico. what's going on?
What's going on here?
-Who are you working for?
-Nobody. I'm working for nobody.
I have no idea what this is about. man!
Why didn't you go ahead with the fight?
My ex wants to take my daughter away.
I can't let that happen.
What's your daughter's name?
Does she have a name?
Leonie.
Last name?
Last name!
Last name.
Tell Danica I'm about to get him.
I almost had him. and then…
-I'll get him. Tell her that.
-We have the athlete here.
Come here and tell us how you're
paying back the 500.000 you gambled away.
Is Danica there too?
EMERGENCY NUMBER
Planckstraße 8.
-I'll be there in five minutes.
-Good.
I'm sorry.
Voice message for Paul.
They want to ice Chino and me.
Does anyone have a knife or scissors?
Is that you?
Do you have scissors?
If you turn around. I can open them.
Thanks.
What the hell is that?
HUMMER RAMS POLICE!
CULPRITS GET AWAY
Call from Leonie.
Hey. my lioness.
Have you eaten anything yet?
You're not coming.
-Sure I'm coming.
-You're lying!
Mom said you're not coming.
I'm going to eat Mom's cake now.
I will definitely be there.
Look. I'm already on the subway.
I'll just pick up your gift on the way.
-Where's the exit?
-I've been wondering for days.
-Exit?
-Upstairs. through the bar.
-Hey.
-Hey. what's going on with you?
Come on!
Disconnected from "Paul Cell."
Shit. man. Okay. I'll get a doctor.
I'll kill you.
You tracked me.
And told them where I was.
Okay. listen.
Look. when you took off earlier.
I thought it would be best
if you just came back.
And that's why I helped them. yes.
But when they started messing with you.
I didn't want to help them anymore.
But then. unfortunately. it was too late.
They almost killed me.
Paul.
Run.
Octa. Please. man.
We could work with them. With Chino.
Look. I'm starting
to figure this shit out. okay?
Chino didn't just bet his money on you
but also half a million for other people.
Now only you
can straighten this fucking mess out.
I'll get up in ten seconds.
Dude. don't you get it?
Chino needs you. man.
He needs us.
He bet half a million on you
for some assholes.
-The fucking gambling mafia.
-Only you can straighten it out.
Don't you get that?
They just tried to kill me.
Okay. listen. If we work with Chino…
-Shut your mouth.
-Some rigged fights. we rack up the dough.
Run. Fuck off.
Voice message from Paul.
You have to forgive me. man.
I'll make it up to you. I promise.
What happened?
-A little accident.
-What kind?
-What are you looking for?
-Where's the disinfectant?
You need a doctor.
Do you have painkillers?
-I'll call an ambulance.
-No.
What happened?
It's all good.
A scooter driver hit me.
All good.
Marco.
Step aside. please.
Octavio. talk to us.
I'll rest for a minute.
Why no doctor?
I need to see Leonie.
Like this?
Yeah. I don't know. I…
Mina won't let you see Leonie like this.
Paul calling.
Take call?
Be quiet for a sec. I have to take a call.
I fucked up.
We have money problems.
Major ones.
I didn't tell you because I…
I wanted to fix it myself somehow.
Octa.
It was my idea to rig the fight.
I'm so sorry. man. I…
I thought it would be an easy way
to get some money.
And…
neither you nor Cosi.
no one would have ever known. That's why…
Yeah. well. Anyway. I…
I just wanted you to know
so you'll trust me again.
You can trust me. man.
I just wanted to make money quickly.
And then Chino dragged me into this. okay?
I'm sorry.
If I could turn back the clock. I'd do it.
It's okay.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Okay. cool.
Thanks. man.
Can I help you?
Where are you?
On your way to Leonie?
Or are you picking up the cat?
Oh. by the way.
you asked me for a cat name. right?
An ex of mine had a cat.
You know what it was called?
Onion.
Yeah. I know. Sounds stupid
but also funny somehow. right?
I won't make it to Leonie today.
Sorry. man.
And where are you right now?
I'm at a buddy's house.
I'll get back to you later.
What? Why?
Have I always been such a mess?
With Leonie.
That I…
You're scared.
What?
There's this tiny human in your life
that you have to take care of.
For whom you're responsible.
And what do you do?
You're unreliable. You fuck up.
You let down those who need you.
whom you love.
But it's not your fault. It's all unfair.
-The whole damn universe is against you.
-Marco.
I got this fight. that tournament.
work to do in the boxing gym.
He's trying.
He's not a mess. He's scared.
Of having nothing to offer.
Of being a shitty father.
Of doing everything wrong.
So he runs away.
And abandons his child.
For way too long.
Because he's trying to prevent her
from becoming like him.
If you want Leonie to be better off.
then you have to do things differently
than how you experienced them.
Then you don't run away.
Then you'll get it together.
And you'll finally be there for her.
I'll be in touch again tomorrow.
Thanks.
Do you want to take some food?
We have a door!
Call Paul.
Calling Paul.
-I'm going to the shelter after all.
-Really? Now?
They're insisting on it.
Maybe I'll keep the cat myself.
Okay. and when will you be there?
-In a few minutes.
-Okay. I'll go there as well.
Call Rico.
Calling Rico.
Octa. Please don't
take this personally. okay?
-You know how these things go.
-I have an offer for your people.
I'm listening.
I know where Chino will be soon.
Where?
How do I know
your people will leave me alone?
-They only want Chino.
-They almost killed me.
-Well. you ran away from the fight!
-I didn't know that it was rigged.
Really. huh?
Okay. I'll sort it out.
But please tell me where Chino is.
In Neukölln.
-I'll send you the address soon.
-Why--
Message from Cosima.
"Octa. I just saw Paul
with that scumbag from the arena."
"Thought you should know."
Open up!
We're closed!
It's ten to six.
Maybe on your watch.
-What?
-Maybe on your watch!
I'm picking up a cat.
Not today. We're closed.
It'll take two minutes. okay? Come on.
Sure. You know how long it takes a family
to pick up a cat?
They look around. Then they look again.
-They fight. They make up.
-Do I look like a family to you?
-I don't know who else is with you.
-You can see I'm alone!
If you pick up a cat now. I'll have to do
all the paperwork. clean up. tidy up.
All that shit. I'm not in the mood.
-You're going to open that door now.
-Tomorrow. Thanks.
Call Rico.
Calling Rico.
-So?
-8 Donau Street.
Animal shelter.
-Animal shelter?
-How long will it take you?
A few minutes.
Octa.
Just so that it's clear.
no police and stuff.
Yeah.
Call Berlin Police.
Calling Berlin Police.
Berlin police department?
This afternoon. a police car was rammed.
I know who it was and where they'll be.
That means you have names?
An address? Or what do you mean?
The animal shelter. 8 Donau Street.
Okay. who am I talking to?
They are dangerous and armed.
And where did you get that information?
Send as many people as possible.
Listen. if you tell us who you are
and where you got that information.
we'll send a squad car--
No. you're not sending a squad car.
You're sending a SWAT team. okay?
Hey.
Is there a back exit?
Yeah.
Fuck off.
-Okay. I'm going.
-Shut the fuck up!
Don't do anything stupid.
Just stay cool.
Be reasonable.
I told you to shut your fucking mouth!
All right.
Run. and I'll bash your buddy's skull in.
Over there.
Go!
-I'm so sorry.
-Shut your fucking mouth. man!
You two. you are my whores from now on.
I know everything about your families.
And if you give a shit about them.
then you'll stick out your fucking asses
for me every day now voluntarily!
Do you have any idea
what Danica will do to us
if she doesn't get her money?
A few fights won't cover that. man!
The three of us
are now in a business relationship.
And it won't end with one of you cunts.
even for one second--
Fuck! They're shooting!
Up! Come on! Over there!
Kick the door in!
Shoot!
-Was that you? Huh?
-No.
-Was that you?
-No! I just want to go home.
-Why are you lying to me?
-Relax.
Stay calm. Chino. okay? It's all good.
-What am I supposed to do now?
-None of this helps.
What am I supposed to do now? What?
-Stay calm. okay?
-Put down the gun.
-You fucked me over.
-Put the gun down and leave.
Did you fuck me over. Bergmann?
-No!
-Did you?
-No. man!
-Come on.
-Fuck. man!
-Calm down. man! Calm down.
I don't want to calm down anymore!
Come on. Put the gun away
Stop.
Police! Drop your weapons!
Drop your weapons!
Cosima.
Paul.
Octa. sorry.
-I wanted to somehow--
-Shut your mouth.
-Why are you here?
-I followed Paul.
I knew something wasn't right.
25%.
Twenty-five what?
Raise.
What? Are you nuts?
Octa. ambulance.
Come on.
Really?
All good.
Good luck.
Police.
Dad?
-What's the matter?
-A little accident. All good.
Happy birthday.
Have you eaten anything?
Are you coming in?
In a moment. I…
I'm so comfy here.
Really?
Yeah.
It's nice here.
Stay with me a bit longer.
Oh my. Who are you?
Hello. you.
Oh. you little sweetie. Come here.
It's all right.
-Mina. that--
-No.
You little cutie.